Matter FVP persistent memory via files (#55)
ARM-software/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/openiotsdk_platform_overview.md

Storage in Open IoT SDK is provided by
[TDBStore](https://gitlab.arm.com/iot/open-iot-sdk/storage) which is a simple
key-value storage over a block device.

The [Trusted Firmware-M](https://tf-m-user-guide.trustedfirmware.org)
application can alternatively use the
[TF-M Protected Storage Service](https://tf-m-user-guide.trustedfirmware.org/integration_guide/services/tfm_ps_integration_guide.html)
which allows store key-value data in secure part of memory.

---

**NOTE**

On the `FVP` Corstone targets, both storage type are implemented as a RAM memory
region emulating a Flash device. This approach does not offer the direct
persistence between launches.

---

### Fast model persistent memory via files

> Memory persistence can be achieved through the use of fast model command-line
> options.
> 
> Use the `--dump` and `--data` fast model command-line options to dump a section
> of memory to a file at model shutdown and load it again at the model run.
> 
> More details about `FVP command-line options` you can find
> [here](https://developer.arm.com/documentation/100966/1116/Getting-Started-with-Fixed-Virtual-Platforms/FVP-command-line-options).
> 
> You have to be very careful when choosing memory parameters. Use the
> `--list-memory` option to see the list of instances and memory spaces for your
> `FVP` model.
> 
> Depending on your application, choose the right memory instance, memory space,
> address and size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two command lines options can be used to achieve persistence of a specific memory regions:
- `--dump` store the content of a memory region into a file when the model ends its execution
- `--data` load the content of a file into a specific memory region at startup

Use the `--list-memory` flag to see the list of instances and memory spaces for your
`FVP` model.

Visit the [FVP command line documentation](https://developer.arm.com/documentation/100966/1116/Getting-Started-with-Fixed-Virtual-Platforms/FVP-command-line-options) for more details about these flags.

Depending on your application, choose the right memory instance, memory space,
address and size.
```
